Pollution accounts for 3 times more deaths than AIDS, tuberculosis, and malaria combined. If you want to help us stop pollution, please consider donating to our marathon: all proceeds will go to Pure Earth, an organization dedicated to making our world a cleaner, safer place.
Pollution and toxic contamination primarily affects poor women and children in developing countries. If you want to help solve this, please type !donate in the chat and a link will appear where you can donate to our marathon: all money made goes directly to the Pure Earth organization.
Do you want to stop toxic contamination? Please consider donating to this marathon, where all of the donations will go directly to the Pure Earth foundation.
Pure Earth works together with local governments to inform and assist in clearing up pollution. If you want to support Pure Earth, please consider donating to our event: all proceeds will go to their foundation.
Pure Earth has cleaned up toxins in over 120 locations. If you want to support them, please consider donating to our little marathon: all donations we receive go directly to their organization.
Pure Earth's work has already assisted nearly 5 million people: If you want to help them, please type !donate in the chat and click the link you find to donate to our marathon: the proceeds to straight to Pure Earth.
Pure Earth cleans up toxic hotspots, prevents re-contamination, and guards against future pollution. If you want to help them, please consider donating to our event: all donations go straight to the Pure Earth organization.
Pure Earth works to prevent active and legacy pollution. If you want to help them, please consider donating to this marathon: type !donate in chat and a link will appear that lets you donate.
Pure Earth works to mitigate pollution all over the world. If you want to help them, please type !donate in the chat and follow the link to the donation page for our marathon, where all money raised goes directly to Pure Earth.
If you want to help our planet become a cleaner, safer place, please donate to our marathon! All of our money goes to the Pure Earth foundation, which works to prevent pollution all across the globe.
